Read INSTALL for installation instructions.

Better yet, read courier/doc/install.html, which is the same thing, but in
a much more readable HTML.

If you got this from CVS, you don't have an INSTALL, because it is created
from install.html during make dist.  You will need to read
README.CVS, then courier/doc/install.html.

configure --help will not show anything useful.  You must read INSTALL to
know what options to use.

If you are packaging or porting Courier, the install-perms Makefile target
might be very useful.  It creates permissions.dat, listing the location of
everything that make install or make install-strip would install, including
permission and ownership of each file, as well as an indicator if it's a
manual page, configuration file, or a documentation file.   It's used by
courier.spec, which is generated in the top level directory.  It's an
RPM spec script.  Browse through it for a feel of how to use permissions.dat.

If you are packaging or porting Courier, examine install.html thoroughly.
In almost every case you will need to specify several non-default options.
Be prepared to have to rebuild at least a couple of times.

After installation, you should arrange for /usr/lib/courier/bin (or wherever
it's installed) to be added to everyone's path, and /usr/lib/courier/man added
to everyone's MANPATH.

Starting with version 0.30, the installation script has a new target:
"make install-configure" that installs the new configuration files,
preserving the previous configuration.

If you're creating a package, do not run 'make install-configure'.  Instead,
package everything after running 'make install'.  Run 'make install-perms'
to create permissions.dat, and extract the names of all *.dist files in
permissions.dat that are also marked 'config'.  After your package is
installed, have the installation script run the 'sysconftool' script and
provide the list of files as the arguments to 'sysconftool'.

Basically, see the 'install-configure' target in Makefile.am, and have that
done after installation, instead of during packaging.

